EDU-3420: Adds warning about updates and continue-as-new (#3200)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/go/message-passing.mdx

To send Queries, Signals, or Updates, you call methods on a Temporal [Client](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk/client#Client).
To check the argument types required when sending messages -- and the return type for Queries and Updates -- refer to the corresponding handler method in the Workflow Definition.

:::warning Using Continue-as-New and Updates

- Temporal _does not_ support Continue-as-New functionality within Update handlers.
- Complete all handlers _before_ using Continue-as-New.

> - Use Continue-as-New from your main Workflow Definition method, just as you would complete or fail a Workflow Execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Continue-as-New from your main Workflow function, just as you would complete or fail a Workflow Execution.
```

In Go, workflows are represeted as functions, not methods on structs

Author: Applied in follow-up quick patch.
